## What's New in v0.4.1

NOTE: v0.4.1 underwent some major name changes. This page is about v0.4.1. Users should not install v0.4.0.

### New

#### PEP 313 Supported

[PEP CCCXIII](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0313/) — Adding Roman Numeral ~~Literals~~ Functions to Python is now supported.

##### Integer/Fraction to Roman

Use the `to_roman(x, mode=MODERN, *, zero=default_zero)` function.

`x` is an `int` or a `fraction.Fraction`. If it's an int, the int will be converted into the roman form; if it's a fraction, it's numerator and denominator will be converted separately, joined by `'/'`. 

`mode` is one of `pep313.MODERN`, `pep313.CLASSIC` and `pep313.LARGE`.

`CLASSIC`: Includes M (1000), D (500), C (100), L (50), X (10), V (5), I (1). For example, ML is 1050, XXXX is 40.

`MODERN`: Allows one smaller value letter prefixing larger meaning subtraction. For example, IX is 4, CM is 900.

`LARGE`: Allows up to 2 leading underscores to mean ×1000 for each. For example, \_M is 1,000,000, \_\_L is 50,000,000.

If `zero` is `None`, `ValueError` will be raised if `x` is equal to 0, or else `zero` will be returned. Set `pep313.default_zero` to change the default value globally.

##### Roman to Integer/Fraction

Use the `from_roman(s, *, zero=default_zero)` function.

`s` is a roman number or two roman numbers separated by `'/'`. It will be parsed in `LARGE` mode, which is compatible with `CLASSIC` and `MODERN`.

If `zero` is not `None` and `s` is equal to `zero`, 0 will be returned.

##### Examples

```python
>>> import rejected_peps.pep313 as romans
>>> from fractions import Fraction
>>> romans.to_roman(14)
'XIV'
>>> romans.to_roman(-19, romans.CLASSIC)
'-XVIIII'
>>> romans.to_roman(Fraction(1_000_002, 100), romans.LARGE)
'_MII/C'
>>> romans.zero = 'N'
>>> romans.to_roman(0)
'N'
>>> romans.from_roman('N')
0
>>> romans.from_roman('O', zero='O')
0
>>> romans.from_roman('XIV')
14
>>> romans.from_roman('-MCIIII/VI')
Fraction(-1104, 6)
>>> romans.from_roman('+_CV')
100005
>>> 
```

#### Search functions

You don't need to remember the exact PEP number anymore; only a few keywords in the title!

The `search(*s, strict=False)` searches supported PEP titles and returns a generator of PEP numbers that include **_all_** of the arguments. If `strict` is true, a case-sensitive check is performed, otherwise it's case-insensitive.

`search_one(*s, strict=True)` always returns a single PEP number that matches.

If `strict` is false, the first (i.e. number smallest) PEP matching will be returned. `None` will be returned if none of the supported PEP titles match. The check is case-insensitive.

If `strict` is true:

- If two or more PEP titles match, a `ValueError` is raised.
- If one PEP matches, the number is returned.
- If zero match, a `ValueError` is also raised.

The match checks for all lowercased , all uppercased and regular. So if the title is `Abc`, `abc`, `ABC` and `Abc` will all match, but `AbC`, `aBC` etc. won't.

A common pattern is to wrap `search_one` with `pep` to get the module. `get(*s)` is a shorthand for `pep(search_one(*s))` provided in the module.

##### Examples

```python
>>> import rejected_peps as rp
>>> list(rp.search('types')), list(rp.search('Types'))
([294], [294])
>>> list(rp.search('Types', strict=True))
[]
>>> list(rp.search('roman', 'product'))
[]
>>> list(rp.search('type'))
[294, 416]
>>> list(rp.search('type', 'builtin'))
[416]
>>> rp.search_one('roman')
313
>>> rp.search_one('Roman')
313
>>> rp.search_one('type', strict=True)
Traceback (most recent call last):
  ...
ValueError: More than 1 match: 294, 416 (2)
>>> rp.search_one('type', strict=False)
294
>>> print(rp.search_one('spam', strict=False))
None
>>> rp.get('noop').noop()  # PEP 559
>>> # Any of the substrings
>>> from itertools import chain
>>> list(chain(*(rp.search(s) for s in ('roman', 'types'))))
[294, 313]
>>> 
```

