## What's New in v0.5.0

### New

#### PEP 335 Supported

[PEP 335](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0335/) — Overloadable Boolean ~~Operators~~ Operator Functions is now supported.

##### `a and b`

The `and_` and `AND` functions both take two arguments `a` and `b`. `a.__and1__` is first checked. If it's not available or returns the special value `pep335.NeedOtherOperand`, `a.__and2__` and then  `b.__rand2__` are checked. If none of them are available, the standard method is used.

##### `a or b`

The `or_` and `OR` functions both take two arguments `a` and `b`. `a.__or1__` is first checked. If it's not available or returns  `pep335.NeedOtherOperand`, `a.__or2__` and then  `b.__or2__` are checked. If none of them are available, the standard method is used.

##### `not a`

The `not_` and `NOT` functions both take one argument `a`. `a.__not__` checked. If it's not available or  returns `NotImplemented` or `pep335.NeedOtherOperand`, the standard method is used.

##### About `NotImplemented`

In `and_`/`AND` or `or`/`OR`, if the return value is `NotImplemented`, a warning is issued. This is because most users meant to return `NeedOtherOperand`, but mistakenly used `NotImplemented`, which is a valid return value.

##### `pep335.plain`

The functions also have variants in the `plain` namespace. These functions don't do short-circuiting, so `__and1__` and `__or1__` are ignored.

#### `search.any`, `search.one` & `search.one.any`

The `search_one` function has been moved into `search`'s namespace with the name `one`, thus it's "renamed" to `search.one`. The original is discouraged and may be removed in the future.

`search.any` searches for PEP numbers that match _any_ of the arguments, while `search` requires the title to contain _all_. `search.one.any` and `search.one` contrast similar. Note that the original `search_one` does not have `search_one.any`.

