## What's New in v0.6.0

### Breaking

#### PEP 294 Rewritten

The [PEP 294](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0294/) implementation is rewritten.

- Importing `pep294` no longer directly sets attributes of the `types` module. The original behavior is fragile, surprising and requires `importlib.reload(pep294)` to rerun the code.
- Instead, the `apply(module=None, *, rename=pep294.underscore, strict=None)` function is added. [^1]  
  - `module` defaults to `types` when it's `None`, otherwise attributes of it are set. 
  - `rename` is a function that handles invalid names (i.e. a keyword or not an identifier). For example, `LambdaType` is converted to `lambda`, which is invalid. `rename(name)` returns the new variant.
  - `strict` is a `bool` or `None`. If `strict` is `None`, it is `False` if `rename` is `pep294.original`, else `True`. If it's true and the new name is not a `str` or invalid, `TypeError` or `ValueError` is raised depending on the error. `rename` is _always_ called before checking.
  - This function returns `None` since it is an in-place operation on `module`.
- The `underscore(s)`, `title(s)` and `original(s)` functions are for the `rename` parameter.
  - `underscore` appends an underscore (`_`) to the name. For example, `lambda` → `lambda_`. This is the default value.
  - `title` is an alias of `str.title`. For example, `lambda` → `Lambda`.
  - `original` just returns the name unchanged. This is usually used when attributes aren't meant to be accessed by the `types.x` syntax, but `getattr(types, 'x')` etc. 
  
[^1]: There is a built-in `apply()` function in Python 2.x, but anyway we didn't support 2.x from the start, and `apply` is just a name, not a keyword.

#### PEP 313 Improved

- 3 leading underscores are now accepted in `pep313.large_dict`, e.g. `___D` → 500,000,000,000.

- `roman()`, `to_int()` and `zero` deprecated for 5 versions in [PEP 313](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0313/) are removed. They were replaced by `to_roman()`, `from_roman()` and `default_zero` in v0.4.1.

